[Music]
hey guys this is Dave - Dee and this is
my four-month long-term user view of the
Moto 360 now I know you're probably
thinking this is a really late review
and it kind of is but the first time I
actually did this review was in October
of last year but it was a really bad
video for one but more importantly my
thoughts on the Moto 360 at the time
were very different from how a lot of
other youtubers were portraying it so I
just chose not to publish it I just
didn't have the balls to go against the
grain like that but now that I've used
it for four months I feel pretty
comfortable to share it with you so yeah
here we go the first thing I want to
talk about is the design now I'm I like
watches I'm not a huge watch guy I don't
have you know lots of expensive watches
or anything but I like watches and I
wear them pretty regularly now I totally
understand how everyone's opinion on
aesthetics differ but to me when the
screen of the Moto 360 is off which it
is like 99% of the time I don't think
it's a particularly good looking
timepiece I mean if you compare the Moto
360 with any of the watches here and
keep in mind most of these are like 150
to 200 bucks the Moto 360 looks really
dull now when the screen is on it's a
whole other story I'm not going to bore
you with specs but the screen looks
really good for what it's supposed to do
it's visible in broad daylight and the
automatic brightness adjustment works
really well and I find that that round
form factor it's it's great it I think
it's the way to go for smartwatches
and it's pretty responsive to touch now
the horizontal bar that flat tire thing
like others have mentioned after using
it for even a few days you really do
stop noticing it there's a lot of cool
faces to choose from I actually like the
stock Motorola ones a lot but as I'm
sure you know by now the screen is a
huge battery hog so you basically want
to keep this thing off as much as
possible let's talk to your ability with
an ip67 rating this thing is quite
resilient to the elements I've showered
with this thing I have gone swimming
with it a half-dozen times and with no
water damage I really think that for a
regular urban life it's gonna be tough
to give this thing water damage one
thing that kind of bugs me is the fact
we love this strap I think it looks
pretty cool but it shows we're really
quickly I've been through two of them
this is my third one but I never
installed it because I actually found a
rubber strap from clockworks energy than
I much prefer I wear my Moto 360 when
I'm running or
go to the gym just with a heart rate
sensor but if you're an active person
and you're using your watch then I
really recommend getting a rubber strap
because leather and sweat don't go that
well together I mean just as Ross Geller
from friends he'll tell you now I've
actually worn this thing to a paintball
match once and I got shot right on the
screen like this thing Thiessen's
traveled like 300 feet per second and it
gets it hits so hard that actually felt
the impact behind the watch on my wrist
and I thought for sure for sure the
screen was gonna bust but I know I was
wiping the paint off and I was like oh
wow it works perfectly and I was I was
actually very impressed by that so I
think Motorola did a great job on
durability I want to talk a little bit
about the UI the notification system
works reasonably well but if you get a
lot of notifications in between checking
your watch the UI can get bogged down so
if you're a big deal and you suddenly
get a bunch of text messages and Twitter
notifications YouTube activity and
emails and calendar alerts it takes
quite a bit of swiping to clear all that
stuff off your screen so just to
showcase this I didn't clear my
notifications for half a day but you can
see how the UI can get kind of gnarly
when it's full you can send short texts
and emails your contacts but I never
really enjoyed using it I mean it just
felt really clumsy and I honestly have
helped door-key sending messages like
that the calendar integration is kind of
cool
some watches have indicators to show
upcoming events but I found myself
referring to the phone regularly the
Google now cards actually work quite
well on the watch they fill up your
screen properly and all the info there
it's basically a smaller version of the
cards from your phone there's also a
pedometer in there and it seems to work
like any other pedometer but I don't use
them much so I'm not sure how good this
one is you also get some basic app
control like the music player on your
phone so you can skip to the next track
or the previous track and you can also
control the volume but for other
third-party apps like let's say you have
a you know a nest thermostat or
something and you want to control it
with an app on your phone you actually
can't control the app from the watch you
have to you just basically use your
watch to turn on the app on your phone
which is not that cool but I mean again
that's just the nature of the watch in
its current generation so in terms of
functionality there's quite a lot of
stuff that works pretty well on the Moto
360 so things like the calendar or time
management or just even telling time all
that stuff works pretty well anything to
do with notifications the Moto 360 can
do pretty well but here's the thing the
Moto 360 does all of these things pretty
well there's something else that does it
even better and it's in your pocket your
phone every time you get a notification
you only see a snippet of it on your
watch so you have to refer to your phone
to get the full story if you get an
email refer to your phone if you get a
Twitter refer to your phone if you want
to control an app refer to your phone so
basically everything that the watch can
do your phone can do it better faster
and stronger so for me I feel like the
usage case is really limited and I think
I'm a pretty regular dude with a regular
job and I don't have hundreds of
thousands of YouTube subs and and
Twitter followers and stuff like that so
I don't really need my wrist to be
vibrating all the time notifying me of
all these things the heart rate sensor
is pretty cool but I found that the
sensor was kind of hit or miss I don't
know if it's a hair thing I mean I
actually tried shaving a patch of my
wrist for better contact and didn't
really seem to make a difference but I
just don't think the heart rate sensor
is super reliable now there is one thing
I found on the Moto 360 that I actually
liked on the watch more than the phone
function and that is the ability to take
voice dictated notes so on a phone you
pick up your phone and you say okay
Google then you have to wait for the
tone and then you say take a note to
check my applesauce I don't even have
applesauce but you get the idea you have
to wait for that tone before you can
begin your command
now with Android wear it actually does
voice buffering so you don't have to
wait for anything you just say ok Google
take a note to check my applesauce
it's just so much faster now I'm a pen
and paper guy I constantly write notes
on pieces of paper throughout the day
just to remind me to do things and I
found that this function was amazing I
found it faster and easier than anything
else I've used before and then when you
get to a computer or your phone you open
up Google keep and there you go there's
a list of all the notes you've made I'm
sure a lot of you know the Moto 360
doesn't have a very good battery life on
average you're gonna get a day of use
out of it
so they recommend that you recharge it
every day now a lot of reviewers have
kind of shrugged this off as kind of
being like oh you know just deal with it
this is the product but to me that's a
deal breaker because I mean there's
nothing wrong with recharging a device
every single day there are things in our
lives that we need to recharge every day
like our cell phones our notebooks if we
use those every day or in the future
electric cars these are things that are
critical to our life and if we don't
recharge on the night before if we get
punished for it the next day so it's
worth it to be mindful and to remember
to recharge it the night before but to
me the Moto 360 feels like more of a
gadget or an accessory so even after
using it for four months I still find it
weird and a little annoying to recharge
it so often but I have to give it up to
Motorola because the charging dock looks
really cool and it feels really well
executed when you put your watch on and
it turns into a clock it also takes
about two hours to fully charge up
introducing useful tech into our lives
is a really good thing but adding techie
stuff into our life just for the sake of
having more gadgets I mean I think
that's a pretty ass-backwards way of
doing things when I look at the Moto 360
I think does this make my life easier
does it make my life more optimized or
more organized does my workflow become
more productive and aside from the note
taking dictation thing I think the
answer to most of those questions is no
so why am I wearing it I mean the screen
is cool to look at but with the battery
drain the way it is I don't
I really don't want to look at the
screen I think wearables are the future
in fact I think smartwatches could
replace smart phones if the tech was
done right like kind of how the Galaxy
gear has tried to do but failed horribly
yet but that's the thing this entire
product category is very immature still
so if you've been drawn to these devices
and you're on the fence my opinion is to
wait because the Moto 360 was one of the
best of the bunch but it's still a
really weak offering so I hope you guys
enjoyed the review I've got to go check
up on some applesauce and yeah it's been
nice I'll see you guys next time